{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Julie stared out into the red sand, turning her head to look past the veil covering her right eye. No one was out there. It was as dead as it had always been. As deadly. The sun from above could kill them all in ways much worse than any human out there. And yet, they bumped into skeletal remains every other other. Remnants of war. Some ancient, some newer. Most buried a long time ago, and only resurfaced once in a while, when the wind and the sand willed it so.\
\'abWhat are you looking for?\'bb Her mother asked. A strong woman, over a head taller than herself, who also was tall. The veil was tight around her head and the right side of her face. Julie wasn\'92t sure she head even seen her mothers right eye. Not since she was child at least. The rest of her was as strong as she looked. Dark tan brown, with a scimitar in one hand and a waterskin in the other. \
\'abNothing,\'bb Julie looked away from the horizon and started walking towards the rest of the group, who were starting to leave them behind. \
\'abShe\'92s gone.\'bb No softness in that voice. No one telling her it would be okay. \
\'abHow do you know? She might come back.\'bb\
\'abNo one who leaves alone comes back, Julie.\'bb The stare of her one eye met Julie\'92s own, and buried deep. \'abAnd you\'92d do best to remember that. She\'92s gone. And should not be mentioned anymore.\'bb A hint of softness, as she put her arm on Julie\'92s. \'abLet\'92s go.\'bb The moment was over.\
Onwards through the heat and the sun they went. The others were visible only as white specks by now, moving fast through the sand that moved under your feet. Julie started a slow run to catch up, and her mother followed. \
As they came closer, she could see the folds in their voluminous robes. The reason they had left the city for something other than fighting. A group of monks, traveling alone. Or something else, Julie couldn\'92t be quite sure what they were. They seemed strong enough, both men and women. But they had been traveling in dark, tight clothes, with almost no water. As if they had no idea what awaited them in the desert. The smell was intense, they had been sweating away the precious little water they had, and were now sure to fall over from exhaustion soon. But none of the six figures seemed to notice the heat. Not a drop of sweat fell from them now, and they moved at a brisk pace. Nothing like the run Julie and her mother could achieve on their own, but still a good walking speed.\
\'abI\'92ll watch the back\'bb, her mother said as they reached the group. The rest was implicit. Julie would watch the front, not having an option to look behind her without looking into her mothers intense eye. She just nodded, and found her way to the front of the group. Some of them stared at her, but no one spoke. None of the women wore the veils they had received over their right eye. It was a strange sight to see both eyes of a woman. How would you know which eye to look into when you gave them orders? She didn\'92t say a word, and walked in front of the group.\
Following the sun, they made good headway on the first day. As it tipped under the horizon, one of the group, a long, thin man, asked if they could stop for water. Julie was impressed they had even waited that long to ask. The stars began popping up above them, and her mother was staring intently. Probably trying to find their way home.\
\'abDo you see a new one?\'bb She whispered so only Julie could head, and It was just a faint breeze carrying the words to her ears. A sad smile tugged at her mothers lips. Julie didn\'92t answer. It wasn\'92t meant for her to hear, and her mother would just be angry if she responded. But it was good to know she was human after all. \
But no, she saw no new stars that night. Her sister was long gone, but not that long. If anyone could survive the harsh desert alone, it was her. If only she didn\'92t meet the enemy. Or worse, her own people. Instant death or torture while being dragged back to the city; Julie knew what she would choose, in a heartbeat. But there weren\'92t any new stars, so either she had been found, or she was still running. And deep in her heart, Julie cheered for her. Get out of here, find a better world.\
\
That night they slowed the walk. The city was in reach if the kept the pace up, but another day of walking under the sun was probably not good for the monks, or whatever they were. Julie kept in front, scouting for enemies or anything else that might pose a problem. Once she saw movement in the far distance to the east, but they were moving away, so she didn\'92t do much except nod that way to her mother, who nodded back. No point scaring the group.\
A few hours into the walk, one of them came up to her. It was the tall, thin one. Almost as tall as Julie\'92s mother, but half her width. Which meant Julie was looking up into a mans eyes. A strange feeling, and not one she was eager to experience again. She looked away before he started talking.\
\'abYou should go back to the others,\'bb she said.\
\'abWhere are you taking us?\'bb His voice was much deeper than his thin frame would explain, and it left Julie feeling the remnants of the vibrations deep in her chest.\
\'abHome.\'bb\
\'abYour home? Why? We already had a goal in mind.\'bb\
\'abYou would never have reached your goal.\'bb\
\'abI might agree on that one,\'bb he smiled. An actual smile, from something more like a death threat than conversation. Julie liked him a bit more. \'abAnd yet, we deviate only from our goal because a pair of warriors such as yourself,\'bb they had made the mistake of calling them girls only once, \'abconvinced us to.\'bb The smile was back, and Julie caught herself staring. It was so nice. She quickly looked away when she saw the man looking back at her, keeping the smile up. This man knew he was pretty, and she would do anything to get him down where he belonged. He was a man, nothing more than that.\
\'abDidn\'92t take much convincing. We gave you water and better food.\'bb\
\'abAnd told us to follow you, or leave our bodies behind and become stars on the night sky.\'bb\
\'abYes.\'bb Julie put her hand on the top of her sword pointing out from her right shoulder blade, just for a moment. The smile waned just a little bit, and he swallowed. Not a good idea, the cough that followed was dry, rough and intense. Julie handed him the waterskin she had, and he took a few gulps. Just enough to satisfy the throat for a few more moments. \
\'abWhere did you come from?\'bb She asked.\
\'abFar, far away. Is that our goal?\'bb \
She furrowed her brows at him dodging the question, but looked ahead. \'abI don\'92t see anything yet, but if you do it most likely is.\'bb\
\'abI always had a good eye for where I\'92m going,\'bb he said and looked straight into her eye. She looked away, and tried searching the horizon for what he had seen. \
It didn\'92t take long before the domes of their city came into view. It was low, and didn\'92t have many permanent buildings, but the ones that stood, stood proud. Ancient, round, with high, domed ceilings. Arched doorways, with carpets to keep most of the sand out. It was everyones duty to brush the sand from the buildings that had floors. \
And now that they were getting closer, a speck of blue among the white and the brown and the red of the buildings and the sand. The reason this city was here, and that their enemies wanted it so bad. A lagoon. An immense body of water, stretching deep into the ground. It receded a little bit every year, but would never drain, not while the rain came every year and filled it up.\
She could hear the children running around, playing in the shade of the palm trees, the adults going about their tasks. The men wore simple white gowns to keep their shade. The women wore mostly the same, but also the veil covering their head and right eye. \
\'abYour eyes are good,\'bb Julie said as they crossed the city boundary. The man didn\'92t answer. He was just staring at everything, taking it in. Julie looked behind her, and her mother nodded towards one of the older buildings around. Julie knew where to take them.\
She ushered them into a low building, white with cracks from the sun, yet standing proud after all this time. \'abWe\'92ll come for you soon. Rest well.\'bb Her mother said to them before she left. The group sat down on the floor, seeming to fall asleep. Julie put herself on watch outside. No point letting anyone of them escape now, just to die in the sun and the heat later.}