{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The void. A single speck of dust hanging in the corner of your eye. Some people see it, some people ignore it. And some people notice it, interact with it, use it. Pulling the void is an art form, using it takes mastery. But some people can, and with great training it grants them extraordinary powers.\
Pulling the void is a feat of pure will. Using it once its within reach is a gruel task, and makes you dizzy, tired and all sorts of grumpy. But it\'92s worth it to be able to interact with the world with the powers it can give you. \
Voidspeed: Moving in the world while everything else almost seems to stand still. The better grip you have on the void, the slower everything else is. This is used both for combat and travel. The user still ages, and has to spend the time it would normally take to travel, but its still useful to avoid time passing in the outside world. \
Damage: With the void, depending on the grip, you can change the world around you. Rip things apart, combine them in new ways and the hardest thing of all, create them from the air around you. Pulling on the void while also pulling on the needed materials from the world takes such a heavy toll on you it seems to age you before your time. \
Life: While the void can be used for healing, its usually so dangerous and hard, only the best can manage any more than closing a wound and hoping for the best. Some say it can even be used to extend your own life\'85\
}