{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 On the first day, it looked promising. He had been pulling the void since before he could walk, had used it to grab hold of whatever he wanted. The screaming that followed he didn\'92t yet understand. He did now, and was shameful for it. His neighbors never had liked him very much. \
This had changed once he came to the Academy. Here, everyone knew how to not only pull the void, but use it to such an extent he didn\'92t understand how to even start. 8 years old, he had come to the Academy with the belief he would be Chosen, destined for greatness. He was 10 now, and wasn\'92t much further than when he started. He could close simple wounds, push things through the air, but he had yet to reform the world as he saw fit. Some students, when no one was around, had been experimenting with dusting; Turning an object into dust so fine you couldn\'92t see it, and it flew away long before it touched the ground. In the beginning, they did this only to inanimate objects, then to rats and squirrels who were unfortunate enough to get close to the dormitories. The worst bit had come a few weeks ago, when one of the boys had removed a couple of fingers from the other buy holding the squirrel. The bleeding had been immense, but they managed to patch it up and hoped no one found out.\
It didn\'92t take long until one of the teachers saw it. Two missing fingers wasn\'92t something that happened every day, not even at the Academy.\
\'abWho did that?\'bb They asked while looking through some exam preparations. Some of the students looked at each other in fear. The wrath of the teachers was usually nothing to worry about, but when this one got all quiet, things might get out of hand. \'abI won\'92t repeat myself again,\'bb he stacked the papers and looked straight into the eyes of the boy with the missing fingers.\
\'abIt was an accident,\'bb he managed to mumble out.\
\'abSpeak up, boy.\'bb\
\'abI said it was an accident.\'bb He said, louder, while staring straight into the teachers eyes.\
\'abAn accident. Accidents don\'92t happen at the Academy. Whose accident?\'bb\
The boy squirmed on his chair. Selling out his friend was out of the question, he would probably lose more than a few fingers for that. But saying he had done it himself might be even worse, thinking of what the teacher might do to him.\
\'abIt was him,\'bb he said, nodding to the back. Gunnar never saw it, he was looking through his notes for a presentation he was supposed to hold in a few minutes on Void Speed, a subject he found particularly fascinating.\
\'abGunnar? Did you cut off this boys fingers?\'bb\
He finally looked up from his papers now. Squeezed between the hammer and the anvil. The other students might just kill him, but the teacher could do far worse, even expel him from the Academy. Two years of his life would be wasted. He\'92d go back to his parents, empty handed, and use the void for nothing more than farming until he died.\
\'abI did not,\'bb he said, trying to keep a sense of shock out of his voice. He knew he wasn\'92t particularly liked, but he was sure he had done his best trying to be ignored the last few years. No one noticing him seemed the best way of defense.\
\'abThen who did?\'bb The teacher asked calmly, looking straight into his eyes. He felt like pulling on the void, but he knew doing so in a classroom without explicit permission was grounds for immediate lashing.\
\'abI\'92m afraid I don\'92t know,\'bb he said.\
\'abAlways on the defense, aren\'92t you, Gunnar? You came to this academy two years ago, looking like a farmers boy. Are you still that kid, or have you grown in these years? If you don\'92t name another, you will take the blame.\'bb\
His eyes glared at the teacher reminding his peers where he had come from. Most of the others in the room were sons or daughters of promising politicians. The only ones with enough money to get their children into the Academy. They let in the ones who seemed promising, of course, like himself and a few of the others, but mostly it was rich, clean kids.\
\'abIt was him,\'bb Gunnar said. Nodding at the kid who was so much stronger than him, both physically and in pulling the void.\
\'abName the accused. You owe him that much.\'bb The word was one Gunnar had to look up later that night, he thought to himself in a distant corner of his mind. The rest of his mind was scrambling to find out how in hell he was going to survive until he could get to the library.\
\'abLars,\'bb he finally said.\
\'abLars. Do you have a defense for this accusation?\'bb\
\'abI do. Gunnar is a little rat, always ready to blame others for his unfortunate becomings. The little shit wouldn\'92t know a finger from a squirrel if they got shoved up his butt.\'bb\
\'abI see. That\'92s quite the imagery you created there, Lars. Next time I\'92ll pull your tongue out for talking like that.\'bb Lars went white, but the teacher turned his attention to Gunnar and raised a brow.\
\'abHow was that a defense?\'bb He said, almost raising his voice. \'abI saw Lars and,\'bb the other name has been lost to time. Something beginning with V. \'abTorturing that squirrel, trying to dust it.\'bb This gave a few gasps from the students. No one had dared mentioning the dusting to the teachers, it was the best kept secret they had. Not that this meant it was hidden at all. In fact, the teacher did not react to the word whatsoever. \'abAnd in his haste, he took two fingers with him.\'bb\
\'abGood answer, Gunnar. Lars, come to my office when you\'92re done for the day. We\'92ll work on your skills in defense. Both with and without the void.\'bb\
Gunnar couldn\'92t see Lars\'92s eyes while sitting almost behind him, but he knew they would be glowing, and the brain behind them working out ways to hide the body of a small 10 year old boy. \
\
As soon as class ended, and the teacher had walked out the door, Lars and his henchman with the missing fingers walked out. The others came over to Gunnar\
\'abHow did you\'85\'bb\
\'abYou\'92re so dead\'bb\
\'abGood luck trying to sleep tonight.\'bb\
He didn\'92t answer, just smiled a little while getting up, packing his things and walked out the door. The others were still surrounding him, talking more about other things now. They seemed to have forgotten him as quickly as they could. And yet, some eyes lingered for longer than normal. For the first time in two years, he was noticed. Whether or not this was a good thing remained to be seen.\
\
Gunnar walked down dust free corridors made mostly of stone. There were a few gaps in the walls, but they seemed more like archery holes than actual windows. The torches were spaced neatly every three meters, and the carpet on the floor was clean, a vibrant red. His soft slippers didn\'92t make a sound while he walked. He had two hours to kill before dinner. They were supposed to spend them studying either the void or something else they might find interesting in the library. \
It was a grand hall, with arches every ten meters stretching far up into darkness. At the very top was something shining, giving the illusion of a starry night. He knew the constellations in this room better than the real ones outside the walls. Between each of the large arches, stretched smaller rooms out to the side, each labelled with their category. Void Speed. Void Destruction. Void Healing. And more on the void, so much more. But on this day, he was more interested in the dictionary. He found one, sat down on a rickety chair underneath a torch, and started his way through A.\
\
Dinner came and went, a cold stew they were supposed to warm up using the void. The first three months he had been living there he had been eating cold food for every meal. The Academy might be a glorious place, but it didn\'92t always turn up the heating, so now that winter was coming, he was thankful for a warm meal. A few seats down on the bench sat a smaller kid. She couldn\'92t have been more than 6 years old. Young, even for this place. Without looking, he heated her stew, just somewhat. She didn\'92t look like she noticed, and looked at the stew with distaste before putting it in her mouth. Her eyes widened, and she looked around carefully. Gunnar met her eyes, held it for a second, and looked away. If she understood or not he didn\'92t really care about. It was more about her getting enough food. It was hard enough to stay fed at the Academy, and worse if you had to eat cold stew for dinner.\
The dinner hall was not as grand as the library. A low-hanging ceiling of wooden beams, long wooden tables with long wooden benches. No windows, and not many torches. The students\'92 eating room. The teachers and other adults ate at better places than this. The students themselves were one brown mass. A brown cloak, brown slippers, and a brown ring on their right thumb signifying who they belonged to, and what rank they had. All in this room had the same ring, and would for many years to come. The only thing separating the students from each other was their hair. Sleek black to curly brown to stark white. There were also some red locks in there somewhere. All sorts of ages, but mostly from eight or nine to fifteen. After that you had an exam, and went elsewhere in the school. Where, Gunnar had no idea.\
He finished his dinner, and took the grueling walk back the dormitories. Lars would be waiting, ready to probably cut off his fingers.}